Aruba-du, ruba-tu, ruba-tu. I was thinking about the curse words and the swear
words, the cuss words and the words that you can't say, that you're not
supposed to say all the time, ['cause] words or people into words want to hear
your words. Some guys like to record your words and sell them back to you if
they can, (laughter) listen in on the telephone, write down what words you say.
A guy who used to be in Washington knew that his phone was tapped, used to
answer, Fuck Hoover, yes, go ahead. (laughter) Okay, I was thinking one night
about the words you couldn't say on the public, ah, airwaves, um, the ones you
definitely wouldn't say, ever, [']cause I heard a lady say bitch one night on
television, and it was cool like she was talking about, you know, ah, well, the
bitch is the first one to notice that in the litter Johnie right (murmur)
Right. And, uh, bastard you can say, and hell and damn so I have to figure out
which ones you couldn't and ever and it came down to seven but the list is open
to amendment, and in fact, has been changed, uh, by now, ha, a lot of people
pointed things out to me, and I noticed some myself. The original seven words
were, shit, piss, fuck, cunt, cocksucker, motherfucker, and tits. Those are the
ones that will curve your spine, grow hair on your hands and (laughter) maybe,
even bring us, God help us, peace without honor (laughter) um, and a bourbon.
(laughter) And now the first thing that we noticed was that word fuck was
really repeated in there because the word motherfucker is a compound word and
it's another form of the word fuck. (laughter) You want to be a purist it
doesn't really -- it can't be on the list of basic words. Also, cocksucker is a
compound word and neither half of that is really dirty. The word -- the half
sucker that's merely suggestive (laughter) and the word cock is a half-way
dirty word, 50% dirty -- dirty half the time, depending on what you mean by it.
(laughter) Uh, remember when you first heard it, like in 6th grade, you used to
giggle. And the cock crowed three times, heh (laughter) the cock -- three
times. It's in the Bible, cock in the Bible. (laughter) And the first time you
heard about a cock-fight, remember -- What? Huh? naw. It ain't that, are you
stupid? man. (laughter, clapping) It's chickens, you know, (laughter) Then you
have the four letter words from the old Anglo-Saxon fame. Uh, shit and fuck.
The word shit, uh, is an interesting kind of word in that the middle class has
never really accepted it and approved it. They use it like, crazy but it's not
really okay. It's still a rude, dirty, old kind of gushy word. (laughter) They
don't like that, but they say it, like, they say it like, a lady now in a
middle-class home, you'll hear most of the time she says it as an expletive,
you know, it's out of her mouth before she knows. She says, Oh shit oh shit,
(laughter) oh shit. If she drops something, Oh, the shit hurt the broccoli.
Shit. Thank you. (footsteps fading away) (papers ruffling)

Read it! (from audience)

Shit! (laughter) I won the Grammy, man, for the comedy album. Isn't that
groovy? (clapping, whistling) (murmur) That's true. Thank you. Thank you man.
Yeah. (murmur) (continuous clapping) Thank you man. Thank you. Thank you very
much, man. Thank, no, (end of continuous clapping) for that and for the Grammy,
man, [']cause (laughter) that's based on people liking it man, yeh, that's ah,
that's okay man. (laughter) Let's let that go, man. I got my Grammy. I can let
my hair hang down now, shit. (laughter) Ha! So! Now the word shit is okay for
the man. At work you can say it like crazy. Mostly figuratively, Get that shit
out of here, will ya? I don't want to see that shit anymore. I can't cut that
shit, buddy. I've had that shit up to here. I think you're full of shit myself.
(laughter) He don't know shit from Shinola. (laughter) you know that?
(laughter) Always wondered how the  Shinola people feel about that (laughter)
Hi, I'm the new man from Shinola. (laughter) Hi, how are ya? Nice to see ya.
(laughter) How are ya? (laughter) Boy, I don't know whether to shit or wind my
watch. (laughter) Guess, I'll shit on my watch. (laughter) Oh, the shit is
going to hit de fan. (laughter) Built like a brick shit-house. (laughter) Up,
he's up shit's creek. (laughter) He's had it. (laughter) He hit me, I'm sorry.
(laughter) Hot shit, holy shit, tough shit, eat shit, (laughter) shit-eating
grin. Uh, whoever thought of that was ill. (murmur laughter) He had a
shit-eating grin! He had a what? (laughter) Shit on a stick. (laughter) Shit in
a handbag. I always like that. He ain't worth shit in a handbag. (laughter)
Shitty. He acted real shitty. (laughter) You know what I mean? (laughter) I got
the money back, but a real shitty attitude. Heh, he had a shit-fit. (laughter)
Wow! Shit-fit. Whew! Glad I wasn't there. (murmur, laughter) All the animals --
Bull shit, horse shit, cow shit, rat shit, bat shit. (laughter) First time I
heard bat shit, I really came apart. A guy in Oklahoma, Boggs, said it, man.
Aw! Bat shit. (laughter) Vera reminded me of that last night, ah (murmur).
Snake shit, slicker than owl shit. (laughter) Get your shit together. Shit or
get off the pot. (laughter) I got a shit-load full of them. (laughter) I got a
shit-pot full, all right. Shit-head, shit-heel, shit in your heart, shit for
brains, (laughter) shit-face, heh (laughter) I always try to think how that
could have originated; the first guy that said that. Somebody got drunk and
fell in some shit, you know. (laughter) Hey, I'm shit-face. (laughter)
Shitface, today. (laughter) Anyway, enough of that shit. (laughter) The big
one, the word fuck that's the one that hangs them up the most. [']Cause in a
lot of cases that's the very act that hangs them up the most. So, it's natural
that the word would, uh, have the same effect. It's a great word, fuck, nice
word, easy word, cute word, kind of. Easy word to say. One syllable, short u.
(laughter) Fuck. (Murmur) You know, it's easy. Starts with a nice soft sound
fuh ends with a kuh. Right? (laughter) A little something for everyone. Fuck
(laughter) Good word. Kind of a proud word, too. Who are you? I am FUCK.
(laughter) FUCK OF THE MOUNTAIN. (laughter) Tune in again next week to FUCK OF
THE MOUNTAIN. (laughter) It's an interesting word too, [']cause it's got a
double kind of a life -- personality -- dual, you know, whatever the right
phrase is. It leads a double life, the word fuck. First of all, it means,
sometimes, most of the time, fuck. What does it mean? It means to make love.
Right? We're going to make love, yeh, we're going to fuck, yeh, we're going to
fuck, yeh, we're going to make love. (laughter) we're really going to fuck,
yeah, we're going to make love. Right? And it also means the beginning of life,
it's the act that begins life, so there's the word hanging around with words
like love, and life, and yet on the other hand, it's also a word that we really
use to hurt each other with, man. It's a heavy. It's one that you have toward
the end of the argument. (laughter) Right? (laughter) You finally can't make
out. Oh, fuck you man. I said, fuck you. (laughter, murmur) Stupid fuck.
(laughter) Fuck you and everybody that looks like you. (laughter) man. It would
be nice to change the movies that we already have and substitute the word fuck
for the word kill, wherever we could, and some of those movie cliches would
change a little bit. Madfuckers still on the loose. Stop me before I fuck
again. Fuck the ump, fuck the ump, fuck the ump, fuck the ump, fuck the ump.
Easy on the clutch Bill, you'll fuck that engine again. (laughter) The other
shit one was, I don't give a shit. Like it's worth something, you know?
(laughter) I don't give a shit. Hey, well, I don't take no shit, (laughter) you
know what I mean? You know why I don't take no shit? (laughter) [']Cause I
don't give a shit. (laughter) If I give a shit, I would have to pack shit.
(laughter) But I don't pack no shit cause I don't give a shit. (laughter) You
wouldn't shit me, would you? (laughter) That's a joke when you're a kid with a
worm looking out the bird's ass. You wouldn't shit me, would you? (laughter)
It's an eight-year-old joke but a good one. (laughter) The additions to the
list. I found three more words that had to be put on the list of words you
could never say on television, and they were fart, turd and twat, those three.
(laughter) Fart, we talked about, it's harmless It's like tits, it's a cutie
word, no problem. Turd, you can't say but who wants to, you know? (laughter)
The subject never comes up on the panel so I'm not worried about that one. Now
the word twat is an interesting word. Twat! Yeh, right in the twat. (laughter)
Twat is an interesting word because it's the only one I know of, the only slang
word applying to the, a part of the sexual anatomy that doesn't have another
meaning to it. Like, ah, snatch, box and pussy all have other meanings, man.
Even in a Walt Disney movie, you can say, We're going to snatch that pussy and
put him in a box and bring him on the airplane. (murmur, laughter) Everybody
loves it. The twat stands alone, man, as it should. And two-way words. Ah, ass
is okay providing you're riding into town on a religious feast day. (laughter)
You can't say, up your ass. (laughter) You can say, stuff it! (murmur) There
are certain things you can say its weird but you can just come so close. Before
I cut, I, uh, want to, ah, thank you for listening to my words, man, fellow, uh
space travelers. Thank you man for tonight and thank you also. (clapping
whistling)
