Aruba-du, ruba-tu, ruba-tu. I was thinking about the curse words and the swear
words, the cuss words and the words that you can't say, that you're not
supposed to say all the time, ['cause] words or people into words want to hear
your words. Some guys like to record your words and sell them back to you if
they can, (laughter) listen in on the telephone, write down what words you say.
A guy who used to be in Washington knew that his phone was tapped, used to
answer, **** Hoover, yes, go ahead. (laughter) Okay, I was thinking one night
about the words you couldn't say on the public, ah, airwaves, um, the ones you
definitely wouldn't say, ever, [']cause I heard a lady say ***** one night on
television, and it was cool like she was talking about, you know, ah, well, the
***** is the first one to notice that in the litter Johnie right (murmur)
Right. And, uh, ******* you can say, and **** and **** so I have to figure out
which ones you couldn't and ever and it came down to seven but the list is open
to amendment, and in fact, has been changed, uh, by now, ha, a lot of people
pointed things out to me, and I noticed some myself. The original seven words
were, ****, ****, ****, ****, **********, ************, and ****. Those are the
ones that will curve your spine, grow hair on your hands and (laughter) maybe,
even bring us, God help us, peace without honor (laughter) um, and a bourbon.
(laughter) And now the first thing that we noticed was that word **** was
really repeated in there because the word ************ is a compound word and
it's another form of the word ****. (laughter) You want to be a purist it
doesn't really -- it can't be on the list of basic words. Also, ********** is a
compound word and neither half of that is really dirty. The word -- the half
sucker that's merely suggestive (laughter) and the word **** is a half-way
dirty word, 50% dirty -- dirty half the time, depending on what you mean by it.
(laughter) Uh, remember when you first heard it, like in 6th grade, you used to
giggle. And the **** crowed three times, heh (laughter) the **** -- three
times. It's in the Bible, **** in the Bible. (laughter) And the first time you
heard about a cock-fight, remember -- What? Huh? naw. It ain't that, are you
stupid? man. (laughter, clapping) It's chickens, you know, (laughter) Then you
have the four letter words from the old Anglo-Saxon fame. Uh, **** and ****.
The word ****, uh, is an interesting kind of word in that the middle class has
never really accepted it and approved it. They use it like, crazy but it's not
really okay. It's still a rude, dirty, old kind of gushy word. (laughter) They
don't like that, but they say it, like, they say it like, a lady now in a
middle-class home, you'll hear most of the time she says it as an expletive,
you know, it's out of her mouth before she knows. She says, Oh **** oh ****,
(laughter) oh ****. If she drops something, Oh, the **** hurt the broccoli.
****. Thank you. (footsteps fading away) (papers ruffling)

Read it! (from audience)

****! (laughter) I won the Grammy, man, for the comedy album. Isn't that
groovy? (clapping, whistling) (murmur) That's true. Thank you. Thank you man.
Yeah. (murmur) (continuous clapping) Thank you man. Thank you. Thank you very
much, man. Thank, no, (end of continuous clapping) for that and for the Grammy,
man, [']cause (laughter) that's based on people liking it man, yeh, that's ah,
that's okay man. (laughter) Let's let that go, man. I got my Grammy. I can let
my hair hang down now, ****. (laughter) Ha! So! Now the word **** is okay for
the man. At work you can say it like crazy. Mostly figuratively, Get that ****
out of here, will ya? I don't want to see that **** anymore. I can't cut that
****, buddy. I've had that **** up to here. I think you're full of **** myself.
(laughter) He don't know **** from Shinola. (laughter) you know that?
(laughter) Always wondered how the  Shinola people feel about that (laughter)
Hi, I'm the new man from Shinola. (laughter) Hi, how are ya? Nice to see ya.
(laughter) How are ya? (laughter) Boy, I don't know whether to **** or wind my
watch. (laughter) Guess, I'll **** on my watch. (laughter) Oh, the **** is
going to hit de fan. (laughter) Built like a brick **********. (laughter) Up,
he's up ****'s creek. (laughter) He's had it. (laughter) He hit me, I'm sorry.
(laughter) Hot ****, holy ****, tough ****, eat ****, (laughter) ***********
grin. Uh, whoever thought of that was ill. (murmur laughter) He had a
*********** grin! He had a what? (laughter) **** on a stick. (laughter) **** in
a handbag. I always like that. He ain't worth **** in a handbag. (laughter)
******. He acted real ******. (laughter) You know what I mean? (laughter) I got
the money back, but a real ****** attitude. Heh, he had a ********. (laughter)
Wow! ********. Whew! Glad I wasn't there. (murmur, laughter) All the animals --
Bull ****, horse ****, cow ****, rat ****, bat ****. (laughter) First time I
heard bat ****, I really came apart. A guy in Oklahoma, Boggs, said it, man.
Aw! Bat ****. (laughter) Vera reminded me of that last night, ah (murmur).
Snake ****, slicker than owl ****. (laughter) Get your **** together. **** or
get off the pot. (laughter) I got a ********* full of them. (laughter) I got a
******** full, all right. *********, *********, **** in your heart, **** for
brains, (laughter) *********, heh (laughter) I always try to think how that
could have originated; the first guy that said that. Somebody got drunk and
fell in some ****, you know. (laughter) Hey, I'm *********. (laughter)
********, today. (laughter) Anyway, enough of that ****. (laughter) The big
one, the word **** that's the one that hangs them up the most. [']Cause in a
lot of cases that's the very act that hangs them up the most. So, it's natural
that the word would, uh, have the same effect. It's a great word, ****, nice
word, easy word, cute word, kind of. Easy word to say. One syllable, short u.
(laughter) ****. (Murmur) You know, it's easy. Starts with a nice soft sound
fuh ends with a kuh. Right? (laughter) A little something for everyone. ****
(laughter) Good word. Kind of a proud word, too. Who are you? I am ****.
(laughter) **** OF THE MOUNTAIN. (laughter) Tune in again next week to **** OF
THE MOUNTAIN. (laughter) It's an interesting word too, [']cause it's got a
double kind of a life -- personality -- dual, you know, whatever the right
phrase is. It leads a double life, the word ****. First of all, it means,
sometimes, most of the time, ****. What does it mean? It means to make love.
Right? We're going to make love, yeh, we're going to ****, yeh, we're going to
****, yeh, we're going to make love. (laughter) we're really going to ****,
yeah, we're going to make love. Right? And it also means the beginning of life,
it's the act that begins life, so there's the word hanging around with words
like love, and life, and yet on the other hand, it's also a word that we really
use to hurt each other with, man. It's a heavy. It's one that you have toward
the end of the argument. (laughter) Right? (laughter) You finally can't make
out. Oh, **** you man. I said, **** you. (laughter, murmur) Stupid ****.
(laughter) **** you and everybody that looks like you. (laughter) man. It would
be nice to change the movies that we already have and substitute the word ****
for the word kill, wherever we could, and some of those movie cliches would
change a little bit. ********** still on the loose. Stop me before I ****
again. **** the ump, **** the ump, **** the ump, **** the ump, **** the ump.
Easy on the clutch Bill, you'll **** that engine again. (laughter) The other
**** one was, I don't give a ****. Like it's worth something, you know?
(laughter) I don't give a ****. Hey, well, I don't take no ****, (laughter) you
know what I mean? You know why I don't take no ****? (laughter) [']Cause I
don't give a ****. (laughter) If I give a ****, I would have to pack ****.
(laughter) But I don't pack no **** cause I don't give a ****. (laughter) You
wouldn't **** me, would you? (laughter) That's a joke when you're a kid with a
worm looking out the bird's ***. You wouldn't **** me, would you? (laughter)
It's an eight-year-old joke but a good one. (laughter) The additions to the
list. I found three more words that had to be put on the list of words you
could never say on television, and they were ****, **** and ****, those three.
(laughter) ****, we talked about, it's harmless It's like ****, it's a cutie
word, no problem. ****, you can't say but who wants to, you know? (laughter)
The subject never comes up on the panel so I'm not worried about that one. Now
the word **** is an interesting word. ****! Yeh, right in the ****. (laughter)
**** is an interesting word because it's the only one I know of, the only slang
word applying to the, a part of the sexual anatomy that doesn't have another
meaning to it. Like, ah, ******, box and ***** all have other meanings, man.
Even in a Walt Disney movie, you can say, We're going to ****** that ***** and
put him in a box and bring him on the airplane. (murmur, laughter) Everybody
loves it. The **** stands alone, man, as it should. And two-way words. Ah, ***
is okay providing you're riding into town on a religious feast day. (laughter)
You can't say, up your ***. (laughter) You can say, stuff it! (murmur) There
are certain things you can say its weird but you can just come so close. Before
I cut, I, uh, want to, ah, thank you for listening to my words, man, fellow, uh
space travelers. Thank you man for tonight and thank you also. (clapping
whistling)
